hello there and welcome along to my room
I moved into this apartment about five
months ago now and I'm yet to show you
guys around how very rude of me so we're
going to fix that today and I'm going to
give you a tour of my room and show you
around the room where I spend a lot of
my time this is the room where I sleep I
work i procrastinate and chill I get
dress I do just about everything and
obviously I make youtube videos here as
I've had this background for quite a
while now do you know this background
quite well this is my bed you know
you've got that really annoying
cardboard box that I have nowhere else
to put it so it has to live there
probably doesn't really add to the
attractiveness of my backdrop but
there's a lot more to my room so I want
to show you guys around so you can get
to know a little bit more about me and
my life so let's go welcome to the other
side of my bed as one would expect this
is where the magic happens and by that I
mean the magical unicorn jetpack dreams
I dream every night obviously I keep
this signed by my bed to remind me each
morning of everything I aspire to be
fresh rich and hot I wish more than just
sleeping i also use this as a place to
chill out work away from my desk when I
need to be creative as well as watching
a bit of netflix and youtube on the TV
ah velvety smooth next to my bed is my
wardrobe where hidden behind the too
many clothes that I own but don't wear
is a portal that takes me to any other
wardrobe in the world so sorry if hear
noises from yours tonight
welcome to my desk as a wannabe YouTube
extraordinaire just kidding I spend a
lot of my time here planning and
researching videos editing and let's be
honest some major procrastination
happens here to have a generous share of
green items that hand including posted
notes where I've begun making to-do
lists each day to help keep me focused
and a few notebooks are used to make
notes when I'm about to film a video and
sometimes for jotting things down on the
goat also I picked up this space wallet
on a recent transgalactic adventure what
do you think next to my desk is my
reading shelf come John cabinet one
corner is a beautiful array of books
which I've read once or hope to one day
pick up both the others well suffered
from a little less control when filling
and there's a small portion of my
worryingly vast collection of hair and
skin products to see also my amazing
collection of shoes where I have
partying issues in rather garish colors
which might not be to everyone's taste
but some no more to do the stars ones
are probably my favorite in the women so
there we go I hope you enjoyed getting a
tour around my room if you did do please
give this video a thumbs up as it does
really help out I really appreciate that
ebay asked me to put together a
collection of things that are of
interest to me so I don't know about you
but I quite like to ogle really cool
expensive things even though that I know
I can't quite afford them right now but
they're just quite cool to look at so
with that in mind I've put together a
collection themed around my dream house
so there's a lot of cool things in there
so if you want to check them out the
link to the collection is down below in
the description they also gave me to
ebay gift cards to give to you guys so
if you create a collection of your own
and post it down below in the comments
then i'll be picking two people and
giving them won $25 gift card each but
otherwise thanks very much for watching
and I'll see you again soon bye
hey guys today I'm here with rat of the
white oak but orange my friend
you